                                                       29 August 1989

This will explain the data files.

The coordinate data (*.COR) are presented in the usual (Eppler's) way:
Starting at the trailing edge, proceeding over the top surface to the leading
edge and back over the bottom surface to the trailing edge.

PERFORMANCE DATA
The performance data is given as a single file: ALL.PD.  This was done
because the naming restrictions of the operating system make it extremely
difficult to select unique but descriptive names for every airfoil and
because disk space for the IBM 360k was at a premium.  However the data is
rigidly schematized in case you want to break the file apart with a computer
program.

For each airfoil the first line gives the name of the airfoil and any special
characteristics.  This is followed by the builder, the number of different
Reynolds numbers, the measured Re and the number of measurements at that Re. 
These last two items are repeated for each of the Re's.  The data is given in
three columns: the first is the lift coefficient; the second is the drag
coefficient, and the third is the angle of attack with respect to the chord. 
The next-to-last line for each airfoil is the file name as it was stored on
the VAX computer, and the final line gives the figure number in AIRFOILS AT
LOW SPEEDS where the data is plotted.

The abbreviations for special characteristics are as follows:

     L.E.      Leading edge
     T.E.      Trailing edge
     F0        Flap at zero degrees
     NF3       Flap at -3 degrees (up or reflexed)
     PF3       Flap at +3 degrees (down)
     UST       Upper surface trip, followed by the height and width in inches
               and chord location in per cent
     LST       Lower surface trip...
     REPEAT    A repeated measurement, usually taken later in the testing
               program
     GF1       Gerney flap - 3 versions GF1, GF2, GF3

PROFILER DATA (Measured coordinates)
If this is a 5 1/4 in. diskette, the digitized or profiler data are in a
single file: ALL.DAP.  3 1/2 in. diskettes have both the individual and
combined files.
Data blocks (files) first give the name of the airfoil and the actual chord
of the test section in inches.  This is followed by the measured coordinates
in the same format as the coordinate files.
Two names deserve comment: FX63-2 is a second measurement of the FX63-137 at
a different location; it is the one used in the book. SD6080TTE is the
thickened trailing edge version of the SD6080.

Note: 

	Beginning in December of 1992 this disk is being supplied and 
supported by SoarTech. If you have any questions or problems relative
to this material please write me - Herk Stokely, 1504 N. Horseshoe Circle, 
Virginia Beach VA 23451. A self addressed envelope with a stamp or
international response coupon will assure quick response.


